Joey: ONCE UPON A TIME
IN A GALAXY NOT ENTIRELY
UNLIKE OUR OWN,
THERE WAS A GIRL.
THERE WAS
NOTHING EXTRAORDINARY
ABOUT THIS GIRL.
SHE WAS
BY HER OWN ESTIMATION
A RELATIVELY SIMPLE SORT,
YET SHE WAS CURSED.
FOR AS LONG
AS SHE COULD REMEMBER,
HER ROMANTIC LIFE HAD BEEN
SOMETHING OF A DISASTER.
BOYS EITHER FELL TOO HARD,
TOO FAST, OR NOT AT ALL.
SHE HAD LONG SINCE
GIVEN UP ON THE NOTION
OF A FUNCTIONAL
RELATIONSHIP,
WHICH IS WHY, IN THE WINTER
OF HER 19th YEAR,
SHE WAS SURPRISED
TO FIND HERSELF
IN THE COMPANY OF A BOY
WHO MADE HER FEEL AS IF
THE CURSE HAD BEEN LIFTED...
IF ONLY TEMPORARILY.
HEH HEH HEH!
SO...CHOCOLATE
OR VANILLA?
CHOCOLATE.
CAKE OR PIE?
PIE.
COKE OR PEPSI?
COKE.
CHRISTMAS
OR HALLOWEEN?
HALLOWEEN.
THAT SETTLES IT.
WE HAVE NOTHING
IN COMMON.
WELL, THE SEX IS GOOD.
PLEASE,
I HAD BETTER SEX
IN ELEMENTARY SCHOOL.
OK. ARE WE DONE WITH
THIS MONTH'S COSMO
COMPATIBILITY TEST?
CAN WE JUST GET ON
WITH OUR LIVES?
MMM! NOT SO FAST.
I HAVE ONE MORE
QUESTION.
OK, SHOOT.
CHRISTMAS IN BOSTON
IN YOUR SQUALID
LITTLE APARTMENT
OR CHRISTMAS
IN CAPESIDE
WITH YOURS TRULY?
HEH HEH.
I JUST SAID THAT
OUT LOUD, DIDN'T I?
YEAH, PRETTY MUCH.
WOW. I JUST CROSSED
A LINE INTO THAT WORLD
WHERE GIRLS PRESSURE
THEIR BOYFRIENDS
INTO DOING STUFF
WITH THEM, AND THEN--
I JUST REFERRED TO YOU
AS MY BOYFRIEND.
I'M A MESS. I APOLOGIZE.
APOLOGY ACCEPTED.
YOU KNOW...
ACTUALLY...
EDDIE, I TAKE THAT BACK.
I WANT YOU TO MEET
MY DYSFUNCTIONAL FAMILY.
I WANT YOU
TO HELP ME CONVINCE
MY RETARDED SISTER
THAT WE SHOULD
BUCK TRADITION
AND THROW OUT OUR STUPID
FAKE CHRISTMAS TREE
AND GET A REAL ONE
FOR A CHANGE.
IS--IS THAT WRONG?
OK. FIRST OF ALL,
I HAVE A DYSFUNCTIONAL
FAMILY ALL MY OWN,
SO I WON'T BE CELEBRATING
WITH A TV DINNER
UNDER A BARE BULB,
IF THAT'S WHAT
YOU'RE WORRIED ABOUT.
AND SECOND--
I DON'T KNOW IF
IT'S SUCH A GOOD IDEA
AT THIS JUNCTURE.
WHAT JUNCTURE IS THAT?
WELL, THE JUNCTURE
OF TOO MUCH AND TOO SOON.
WE'RE EVEN, THEN.
WHAT DOES THAT MEAN?
(GIGGLES) IT MEANS
THAT CLEARLY
I'M A TYPICAL GIRL
AND, BASED ON
WHAT YOU JUST SAID,
YOU'RE VERY MUCH
A TYPICAL GUY.
HEY, YOU KNOW,
MEETING THE FAMILY'S
A HUGE DEAL,
ESPECIALLY
THIS TIME OF YEAR.
I MEAN, I'D PROBABLY
HAVE TO PUT ON
SOME KIND OF A SWEATER.
YOU KNOW,
LIKE A HOLIDAY SWEATER.
AND I GOTTA TELL YOU,
I HATE SWEATERS.
I LOOK STUPID
IN SWEATERS.
I BET YOU LOOK
VERY NICE IN SWEATERS.
ALL RIGHT, PENCIL ME
FOR PRESIDENT'S WEEKEND.
I'LL BE THERE.
I PROMISE.
FINE.
BUT DON'T THINK WE'RE
EVER HAVING SEX AGAIN.
HEH HEH HEH!
WHAT?
WHAT A TYPICAL GIRL,
USING SEX AS A WEAPON.
SHUT UP.
YOU'RE VERY PRETTY.
HAVE I TOLD YOU THAT?
SUCKING UP
WILL GET YOU NOWHERE.
ALLOW ME TO COUNT THE WAYS
IN WHICH I SUCK.
WHAT HAPPENED?
I MISSED MY FLIGHT,
WHICH, TO THE BEST
OF MY KNOWLEDGE,
ONLY HAPPENS
IN THE MOVIES,
BUT APPARENTLY NOT.
APPARENTLY, IT CAN HAPPEN
IN REAL LIFE, TOO,
ESPECIALLY WHEN YOU
SPEND TOO MUCH TIME
IN THE AIRPORT BAR
LETTING CREEPY
WILLY LOMAN TYPES
BUY YOU DRINKS.
ISN'T IT A LITTLE EARLY TO BE
KNOCKING 'EM BACK, AUDREY?
EVEN FOR YOU?
DRINKING DOESN'T COUNT
ON DAYS WHEN YOU FLY.
YOU KNOW, I ALWAYS
HAVE TO GET SAUCED
TO FLY THE FRIENDLY
SKIES, YOU KNOW.
IT HELPS KEEP THE VOICES
DOWN IN MY HEAD
THAT TELL ME
I'M SECONDS AWAY
FROM PLUMMETING
TO MY DEATH.
I DON'T KNOW, AUDREY.
YOU BETTER BE CAREFUL.
YOU MIGHT BE SPENDING
THE NEXT SEMESTER IN REHAB.
NO, REHAB, REHAB IS
FOR QUITTERS.
OK, SO WHAT'S
THE PLAN?
WELL, I COULDN'T GET ANOTHER
FLIGHT OUT UNTIL TOMORROW.
CHRISTMAS ON A PLANE.
WHOO, MAMA.
SO WHY DON'T YOU
COME HOME WITH ME?
NO. REALLY, I CAN'T.
I'LL BE FINE.
AUDREY,
I'M NOT LETTING YOU
SPEND THE MAJORITY
OF CHRISTMAS DAY
DRUNK ON AN AIRPLANE
WITH A MOTLEY ASSORTMENT
OF SAD TRAVELERS.
TO TELL THE TRUTH,
IT SOUNDS WAY BETTER
THAN INTRUDING ON
SOMEONE ELSE'S HOLIDAY.
LOOK, YOU WOULDN'T
BE INTRUDING
ON ANYONE'S HOLIDAY.
TRUST ME.
DAWSON'S MOM IS INVITING
EVERYONE
TO CHRISTMAS DINNER,
WHICH...SOUNDS LIKE
A RECIPE FOR DISASTER,
BUT AT LEAST
WE'LL ALL BE TOGETHER.
I DON'T KNOW, JOEY.
OK, IT SEEMS LIKE
THE ONLY THING
THAT I HAVE ACCOMPLISHED
THIS SEMESTER
IS ALIENATING EVERYONE.
YOU KNOW, AND NOW,
ALL OF A SUDDEN,
I'M YOUR FRIGGIN'
CHRISTMAS CHARITY CASE.
AND LET'S NOT
FORGET THE FACT
THAT I'VE ALREADY DONE
THE CAPESIDE THING,
AND QUITE FRANKLY,
IT WAS A STULTIFYING BORE.
WELL, YOU'RE PREACHING
TO THE CHOIR ON THAT ONE,
BUT YOU'RE
STILL COMING WITH ME.
I DON'T KNOW.
MY FATHER'S
GONNA BE THERE.
CAN I ASK HIM
ABOUT PRISON?
IF YOU WANT.
ALL RIGHT,
YOU TALKED ME INTO IT.
IT'LL BE FUN, I PROMISE.
ALL RIGHT.
BETTER BE.
I'LL BE BACK.
PACEY, IS THAT YOU?
MERRY CHRISTMAS, DOUGIE.
YEAH,
RIGHT BACK AT YA.
NOW, IF YOU WOULDN'T
MIND, COULD YOU TELL ME
WHAT YOU DID
WITH MY LITTLE BROTHER?
I MURDERED THAT PUNK.
STUFFED HIS BODY
INTO A DUMPSTER
BEHIND THE RED LOBSTER
IN CENTERVILLE.
YEAH, GOOD TO KNOW.
WELL, YOU LOOK, UH...
HIP, HANDSOME, HETERO?
I WAS GONNA
SLICK, SLEAZY,
AND SMARMY,
BUT SURE.
OK. YOUR SEXUALITY,
ON THE OTHER HAND,
IS JUST AS DUBIOUS
AS EVER.
GOOD TO SEE THAT SOME THINGS
NEVER CHANGE, DOUG.
WHAT HAPPENED
TO THE MUSTANG?
IT MADE FOR A MOST
EXCELLENT TRADE-IN.
AND, UH, YOU THINK
YOU CAN GIVE ME A HAND
WITH ALL THIS STUFF?
JEEZ, PACEY!
DON'T TELL ME
SOMEBODY ACTUALLY
HAD THE POOR SENSE
TO GIVE YOU
A CREDIT CARD?
WELL, YOU SEEM
TO FORGET, MAN,
I ACTUALLY WORK
FOR A LIVING.
OH, RIGHT. SO YOU
FINALLY BAILED
ON THE COOKING THING
AND GOT YOURSELF
A NICE LITTLE CRACK
COCAINE FRANCHISE.
IF ONLY IT
WERE THAT GLAMOROUS.
NO, I'M A WORKING STIFF
MUCH LIKE YOURSELF.
EXCEPT FOR THAT
WHEN YOU GO HOME AT NIGHT
AND YOU HAVE THE NICE WARM
SATISFACTION OF KNOWING
YOU'VE MADE THE WORLD
A BETTER PLACE,
I JUST HAVE A BIG, FAT
STINKING WAD OF CASH.
AIN'T LIFE GRAND?
HA HA HA!
WHAT WAS THAT FOR?
MUST YOU QUESTION
MY EVERY IMPULSE,
MY EVERY ROMANTIC WHIM?
IF YOU MUST KNOW,
IT WAS SIMPLY
A THANK YOU.
FOR WHAT?
OH, FOR TAKING ME
DEEP IN THE HEARTLAND
FOR AN OLD-SCHOOL
AMERICAN CHRISTMAS,
FOR INTRODUCING ME
TO YOUR MOTHER,
WHO I MUST SAY
IS QUITE A TRIP,
AND FOR JUST BEING YOU.
I'S A LUCKY GIRL,
DAWSON.
DID MY MOM EVER STOP
GRILLING YOU?
NOT SO MUCH, NO.
I THINK SHE'S CURIOUS
ABOUT MY INTENTIONS.
WHAT'D YOU TELL HER?
WELL, I SAID,
ASIDE FROM BANGING IN
THE NEW YEAR
WITH HER
ONE AND ONLY SON,
I DIDN'T MUCH KNOW
OR CARE.
NICELY PUT.
MM-HMM.
HEH!
DO YOU THINK SHE'S SAFE
IN THERE WITH TODD?
OH, I DON'T THINK
ANYONE'S SAFE
FROM A DRUNK
AND HORNY TODD.
I'LL GO PRY THEM
APART.
THANK YOU.
AH, WELL, THAT NATASHA
IS A TRIP.
THAT'S, UH, ONE WAY
OF PUTTING IT.
SO, UH, WHAT'S THE DEAL
WITH YOU TWO?
WHATEVER DO YOU
MEAN, MOTHER?
WELL, IS IT SERIOUS?
IS SHE LIKE
YOUR GIRLFRIEND,
OR IS THIS SOME KIND
OF CASUAL SEX THING?
OK, FIRST OF ALL,
THAT'S DISGUSTING.
THAT'S--SECOND,
I HAVE NO IDEA.
I DON'T KNOW. I'M
IN A RELATIONSHIP,
AND I HAVE NO IDEA
WHERE IT'S HEADED
OR HOW TO DEFINE IT.
HMM. AND
THAT'S OK WITH YOU?
I DON'T REALLY
HAVE A CHOICE
IN THE MATTER.
IT'S JUST...
WHAT, THE WAY THEY DO
THINGS IN CALIFORNIA?
UH, YEAH, APPARENTLY.
HMPH. WELL,
IF SOMEONE HAD TOLD ME
THE DAY WOULD COME
WHEN MY SON
WOULD BE BRINGING HOME
HIS MOVIE STAR GIRLFRIEND
AND SOME BIG-TIME
DIRECTOR FOR CHRISTMAS,
I WOULD'VE
LAUGHED IN THEIR FACE.
YEAH, ME TOO,
PROBABLY.
YOU KNOW WHO'D GET A KICK
OUT OF THIS, DON'T YOU?
YOUR FATHER.
YEAH.
GOD, HE'D
HAVE LOVED IT.
ALTHOUGH I DON'T THINK
HE'D ENJOY
WATCHING YOUR BOSS
HIT ON ME.
Todd: NOW SNAG YOUR EGG NOG...
ME MUM'S FAVORITE RECIPE.
HERE, GET SOME OF THAT
DOWN YA.
BLOODY HELL, LEERY,
DIDN'T I TEACH YOU
HOW TO DRINK BETTER
THAN THAT?
UH, WELL,
IF YOU'LL EXCUSE ME,
I HAVE TO GO CHECK
ON OUR DINNER.
DO YOU NEED ANY HELP,
MRS. LEERY?
UH, NO, BUT YOU
COULD KEEP ME COMPANY,
AND YOU CAN TELL ME
ALL ABOUT WORKING
WITH MAX WINTER.
IS HE LIKE BEAUTIFUL
IN PERSON OR...
Todd: SPEAKING OF
ALL THINGS BEAUTIFUL,
YOUR MOM'S QUITE
A HANDSOME WOMAN, LEERY.
DO YOU MIND
IF I HAVE A GO AT HER?
WHAT?
♪♪
AUNTIE JOEY, AUNTIE JOEY,
IT'S CHRISTMAS!
Joey:
UNH. ALEXANDER.
HONEY, I KNOW
YOU'RE EXCITED AND ALL,
BUT IT'S WAY TOO EARLY
TO OPEN GIFTS.
NOOOO.
OH, BE NICE
TO AUNTIE JOEY.
SHE'S VERY TIRED.
HER CRAZY FRIEND AUDREY
KEPT HER UP ALL NIGHT.
GRANDPA, PRESENTS! COME ON
EVERYBODY..
JOEY.
I KNOW. COMING.
WHAT DOES A GIRL
HAVE TO DO
TO GET SOME SLEEP
AROUND HERE?
WELL, MERRY CHRISTMAS,
TO YOU, TOO, SWEETHEART.
OH, SORRY, DAD.
MERRY CHRISTMAS.
WELL, I GUESS WE
SHOULD GET TO IT, THEN.
HELL HATH NO FURY
LIKE A 4-YEAR-OLD
ON CHRISTMAS MORNING.
NOT SO FAST.
THERE'S SOMEONE WAITING
FOR YOU AT THE DOOR.
WELL, WHO IS IT?
I DON'T KNOW.
IF I WERE YOU,
I WOULDN'T KEEP HIM
WAITING MUCH LONGER.
HE LOOKS
A LITTLE NERVOUS.
(SIGHS)
NOBODY LIKES YOU.
YOU ARE A LOSER.
AND DON'T FORGET IT.
HEY! WHERE'S
TONY AND MARIA?
Mike:
OUT ON THE PORCH.
OHH. DITCHED
FOR THE BOYFRIEND
YET AGAIN.
WHAT DO WE KNOW
ABOUT THIS GUY, AUDREY?
HMM. CHIP
ON HIS SHOULDER,
BLUE ON HIS COLLAR.
I DON'T KNOW.
JOEY SEEMS
TO LIKE HIM.
IS IT SERIOUS?
OH, WELL,
LIKE A HEART ATTACK,
BECAUSE YOU SEE,
EDDIE SEEMS TO BE
ABLE TO INCORPORATE
ALL THE BEST
ELEMENTS OF PACEY
AND DAWSON,
SO IT'S
LIKE THE T-1000
OF LOVE INTERESTS.
INTERESTING.
QUID PRO QUO,
MR. POTTER.
WHAT CAN YOU TELL ME
ABOUT PRISON?
I WAS RIGHT,
YOU KNOW.
ABOUT WHAT?
YOU DO LOOK VERY
NICE IN A SWEATER.
YEAH, WELL,
I STILL HATE 'EM.
SO WHAT MADE YOU
CHANGE YOUR MIND?
I MISSED YOU.
WELL,
YOU CAN GO NOW.
I WOULDN'T WANT YOU
TO BE AT THE CRITICAL
JUNCTURE
OF TOO MUCH TOO SOON
FOR TOO LONG.
OH, SHUT UP.
COME HERE.
AHEM.
HEH HEH HEH.
HI, DAD.
HI, YOUR SISTER
NEEDS SOME HELP
IN THE KITCHEN.
I THOUGHT THAT'S
WHAT BODIE WAS FOR.
OH.
ARE YOU GONNA
BE OK OUT HERE?
WELL, AS LONG AS
YOUR FATHER PROMISES
TO GO EASY ON ME.
I'LL BE GENTLE,
I PROMISE.
I'M OK.
OK.
AHEM. IT'S BEAUTIFUL
OUT HERE, HUH?
YEAH, IT IS.
SO, UH, TELL ME
ABOUT YOURSELF, EDDIE.
SURE. WHAT DO YOU
WANT TO KNOW?
UH...
WHERE DO YOU GO TO SCHOOL?
I DON'T, ACTUALLY.
YOU GRADUATE?
NO. I NEVER
REALLY WENT.
COLLEGE AND I,
IT NEVER REALLY
TOOK, YOU KNOW.
YEAH, I SEE.
SO, WHAT DO YOU DO
FOR A LIVING?
WELL, I'M ACTUALLY
IN BETWEEN OCCUPATIONS
AT THE MOMENT.
I WAS TENDING BAR
FOR A WHILE, BUT
THAT DIDN'T WORK OUT.
SO I GUESS NOW I'M
JUST TAKE SOME TIME OFF,
YOU KNOW, FIGURE OUT
MY NEXT MOVE.
I SEE.
HEY, YOU KNOW,
YOUR DAUGHTER
IS GREAT, MR. POTTER.
YES, SHE IS.
(DOOR OPENS)
YOUR MOM
IS IN THE KITCHEN,
YOUR LITTLE SISTER
IS NAPPING,
TODD IS PASSED OUT
IN THE LIVING ROOM,
AND THE REST
OF THE GUESTS
AREN'T DUE
TO ARRIVE FOR
ABOUT ANOTHER HOUR.
LET'S GO, DAWSON.
YOU GOT WORK TO DO.
WHERE ARE WE GOING?
TO HEAVEN AND HELL
AND BACK AGAIN.
WE'RE GONNA HAVE SEX
IN YOUR
CHILDHOOD BEDROOM,
A PLACE WHERE YOU'VE
PROBABLY ONLY HAD
SEX WITH YOURSELF.
IS IT THAT OBVIOUS?
DOESN'T TAKE
A ROCKET SCIENTIST.
HEH HEH HEH. THE THOUGHT
OF DOING IT IN THIS ROOM
DOESN'T CREEP YOU OUT
JUST A LITTLE BIT?
HELL, NO. TURNS ME ON.
LET'S GO, CITIZEN.
(SIGHS)
WHAT'S WRONG WITH YOU?
NOTHING.
I'M NOT SENSING
THE APPROPRIATE
DEGREE OF ENTHUSIASM.
I DON'T SEEM
TO HAVE YOUR
FULL ATTENTION HERE.
IS IT THE WHOLE
CHILDHOOD BEDROOM THING?
BECAUSE I JUST THOUGHT
THAT WOULD ADD
A NICE SPLASH OF KINK
TO THE PROCEEDINGS,
BUT WE DON'T
HAVE TO DO IT.
NO, IT'S NOT THAT.
THEN WHAT IS IT?
MAX WINTER.
WELL, NO WONDER
YOU'RE NOT HERE
WITH ME, THEN.
YOU'RE NOT SUPPOSED
TO BE THINKING
ABOUT HUNKY MATINEE
IDOLS, DAWSON.
YOU TRYING
TO TELL ME SOMETHING
ABOUT YOUR
ORIENTATION,
PERHAPS?
YOU KNOW WHAT
I'M TALKING ABOUT.
(SIGHS) YES, I DO.
AND WHILE
YOUR JEALOUSY
IS SWEET AND ALL,
YOU HAVE NOTHING
TO WORRY ABOUT.
MAX WINTER
IS LONG GONE.
YOU LIED TO ME.
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
YOU LIED TO ME.
YOU SAID YOU WERE
ALONE IN YOUR ROOM
WATCHING TV.
YEAH.
I SAW HIM
LEAVE YOUR ROOM.
SO WHAT'S YOUR POINT?
MY POINT IS
IT BOTHERS ME.
OK, LOOK,
I--I--I THOUGHT
I COULD PLAY THE GAME
AND JUST
KEEP MY MOUTH SHUT,
BUT I CAN'T, OK?
THAT'S NOT WHO I AM.
I NEED TO KNOW
WHAT THE HELL
WE'RE DOING.
WE'RE HAVING FUN,
DAWSON.
AT LEAST...
THAT'S WHAT I THOUGHT
WE WERE DOING.
THAT'S CRAP.
IF IT WAS JUST FUN,
YOU WOULDN'T
HAVE BEEN SO UPSET
WHEN YOU FOUND OUT
ABOUT JOEY.
WELL, I WAS
JUST BEING DRAMATIC.
COME ON. I DON'T
BELIEVE THAT FOR A SECOND.
BELIEVE IT. IT'S ALL
ABOUT EGO, DAWSON.
NO GIRL WANTS TO BE
DUMPED BY SOME GUY
THAT SHE'S EMBARKING
ON A FUN LITTLE
FLING WITH,
ESPECIALLY WHEN
HE'S THE DIRECTOR'S
ASSISTANT.
SO THAT'S
WHAT THIS IS TO YOU--
IS SOME FUN LITTLE FLING.
UGH! ARE YOU
ON YOUR PERIOD
RIGHT NOW, DAWSON?
I JUST WASN'T CLEAR
BEFORE, BUT NOW I AM.
YOU--I GET IT. YOU GET
SOME PERVERSE LITTLE THRILL
OUT OF
SCREWING THE HELP.
YOU KNOW WHAT? HEH.
YOU CRACK ME UP, DAWSON,
BECAUSE YOU STAND HERE
AND YOU SAY
THESE INCREDIBLY NOBLE,
INCREDIBLY
SELF-AGGRANDIZING THINGS
ABOUT HOW YOU DON'T
WANT TO PLAY THE GAME,
WHEN THE TRUTH IS
YOU BROUGHT ME HOME
FOR CHRISTMAS,
AND YOU CAN'T TELL ME
THAT YOU DON'T GET SOME
KIND OF PERVERSE THRILL
OUT OF SHOWING ME OFF TO
YOUR FRIENDS AND FAMILY.
IT'S REALLY
QUITE A SHAME, DAWSON,
BECAUSE THEY'LL BE A DAY
WHEN YOU'RE OLD AND GRAY
AND NOT EVEN THE VIAGRA'S
DOING IT FOR YOU ANYMORE,
AND YOU COULD'VE
LOOKED BACK FONDLY
ON THAT TIME YOU BANGED
THE LIVING DAYLIGHTS
OUT OF THAT ACTRESS
IN YOUR CHILDHOOD BEDROOM
WHILE SHE
STILL HAD HER LOOKS.
BUT I GUESS
THAT'S WHAT YOU GET
FOR THINKING
WITH YOUR BRAIN
WHEN YOU REALLY SHOULD
BE THINKING WITH YOUR--
WELL, I THINK YOU KNOW.
(DOOR SLAMS SHUT)
WATCH YOUR STEP SWEETY, ITS
ICY..
I WILL.
COME ON, BUDDY. --WOW
COME ON, CHIEF, YOU HUNGRY?..
SO, THIS IS THE GUY FROM
THE NO DOUBT CONCERT
WHO'S ALSO THE SAME GUY
FROM THE MOVIE SET?
DAWSON. YEAH.
DAWSON. RIGHT.
YEAH, AND WHY
ARE WE HERE AGAIN?
IS IT GONNA BE
WEIRD FOR YOU?
YEAH, I GOT NO BEEF
WITH THE GUY,
AND IF HE'S
GOT BEEF WITH ME,
YOU KNOW, I THINK
I COULD TAKE HIM.
WELL, I DON'T THINK
IT'LL COME TO THAT,
BUT IT'S GOOD TO KNOW.
THE QUESTION IS, JO,
IS THAT WILL IT
BE WEIRD FOR YOU?
WELL, YEAH. I MEAN,
THAT'S JUST THE WAY IT IS.
THAT'S THE WAY
IT'LL ALWAYS BE,
BUT LOOK,
DON'T WORRY.
WE'RE GONNA
HAVE A NICE, CIVIL
CHRISTMAS DINNER,
AND THEN
WE'RE OUT OF HERE.
WHAT, NO DESSERT?
I DO LIKE PIE, YOU KNOW.
AS I RECALL.
I WAS HOPING WE
COULD FIND SOME TIME
TO BE ALONE TONIGHT.
YEAH, WELL, YOU KNOW,
I HAVE TO SPEND
SOME OWN TIME
WITH MY FAMILY,
YOU KNOW, BUT I
WAS THINKING MAYBE--
I'D LOVE TO.
YOU DON'T EVEN KNOW
WHAT I WAS GONNA SAY.
FOR ALL YOU KNOW,
YOU COULD BE AGREEING
TO AN ACT
OF SEXUAL CONGRESS.
SO YOU WEREN'T ASKING ME
TO COME HOME WITH YOU.
NO, I AM.
WELL, LIKE I SAID,
I WOULD LOVE TO.
COOL. AND I PROMISE
MY FAMILY WILL BE
A LOT LESS INTIMIDATING.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
NOTHING.
IT'S JUST, YOU KNOW,
IS YOUR DAD ALWAYS SO HARD
ON PROSPECTIVE SUITORS?
WHY? WHAT DID
HE SAY TO YOU?
NAH, I'M JUST TEASING.
FORGET IT.
I'M NOT GONNA FORGET IT.
EDDIE, IF MY DAD
WAS RUDE TO YOU,
I WANT TO KNOW ABOUT IT.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
HE WASN'T RUDE AT ALL.
HE SEEMS LIKE
A REALLY GREAT GUY.
(CHUCKLES)
SWEET RIDE, PACEY.
THANKS FOR
THE TEST DRIVE.
ANY TIME.
ISN'T THE NAVIGATION
SYSTEM AMAZING?
YEAH, YOU'RE RIGHT.
IT'S AMAZING.
HEY, DO YOU THINK
DAD LIKED HIS PALM PILOT?
'CAUSE HE DIDN'T REALLY
SEEM ALL THAT EXCITED.
WELL, I THINK
HE WAS A LITTLE
OVERWHELMED, PACE.
I THINK WE ALL WERE.
HEY, THERE'S
ONE OTHER THING
I WANTED TO GIVE YOU.
I DIDN'T WANT
TO BREAK IT OUT
IN FRONT OF
THE WHOLE FAMILY,
BUT CHECK IT OUT.
PACEY, YOU HAVE BEEN
EXTREMELY GENEROUS.
I DON'T NEED
ANYTHING ELSE.
OH, COME ON. OPEN IT UP.
YOU'RE GONNA LIKE IT.
(EXHALES)
PACE, THIS--THIS
IS ABOVE AND BEYOND.
YEAH, AND, YOU SEE,
NOW YOU CAN GET
RID OF THAT ONE
YOU'VE HAD SINCE
THE REAGAN ADMINISTRATION.
HEY, I'LL TELL YA,
I LOVE THIS WATCH, OK?
IT LIGHTS UP
AND EVERYTHING.
SURE, BUT CAN IT TELL YOU
THE TIME IN PORTUGAL?
I THINK NOT.
PACE, CAN I ASK YOU
SOMETHING?
SURE.
THIS JOB OF YOURS,
IS IT ON
THE UP AND UP?
"ON THE UP AND UP"?
YOU SOUND LIKE
YOU'RE 50 YEARS OLD, DOUG.
YOU SOUND LIKE DAD.
LOOK AT IT FROM
MY PERSPECTIVE, PACE.
YOU COME HOME
WITH THIS NEW CAR,
YOU GOT FLASHY
NEW CLOTHES,
EXPENSIVE GIFTS
FOR THE WHOLE FAMILY.
EXCUSE ME IF IT SEEMS
JUST A LITTLE TOO GOOD
TO BE TRUE.
RIGHT, RIGHT. I FORGOT.
YET ANOTHER REASON
WHY IT SUCKS
TO BE A WITTER,
'CAUSE YOU CAN'T
JUST BE HAPPY FOR ME.
YOU COULDN'T
JUST, I DON'T KNOW,
SAY, BE PROUD OF ME.
YOU ACTUALLY
HAVE TO ACCUSE ME
OF BEING INVOLVED
IN SOME SORT OF
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY.
PACEY, I'M NOT ACCUSING
YOU OF ANYTHING.
I'M JUST WONDERING
HOW MUCH YOU KNOW
ABOUT YOUR PLACE OF
EMPLOYMENT, THAT'S ALL.
WHAT IS THIS, MAN?
YOU SHOULD BE HAPPY FOR ME.
ARE YOU JEALOUS
OR SOMETHING?
IS THIS ABOUT
HOW MUCH MONEY
I'VE BEEN MAKING?
I DON'T KNOW.
MAYBE YOU'RE RIGHT, PACE.
MAYBE I AM JEALOUS,
I DON'T KNOW.
OR MAYBE I'M JUST WORRIED
ABOUT YOU.
(HUMS SANTA CLAUS
IS COMING TO TOWN)
(PEOPLE CHATTING)
SO WHERE THE HELL
IS JACK?
ARE YOU DRUNK?
YES,
BUT THAT DOES
NOT EXPLAIN
WHERE JACK IS.
IN EUROPE WITH
HIS DAD AND ANDIE.
DOPE.
EVELYN, WOULD YOU
LIKE TO SAY GRACE?
I WOULDN'T MIND
LEADING US IN PRAYER, GALE.
OH, WELL, THAT WOULD
BE LOVELY, TODD.
THANK YOU.
DEARLY BELOVED,
WE ARE GATHERED HERE TODAY
TO CELEBRATE
THE BIRTH OF YOUR SON.
NOW I'M AT
A DISADVANTAGE HERE.
MANY OF YOU, I'M SURE,
KNOW WHO I AM.
I AM A FILMMAKER,
CELEBRATED
ON MANY CONTINENTS,
BUT I DON'T KNOW
ANY OF YOU,
WHICH IS A TRAVESTY
BECAUSE PEOPLE LIKE YOU,
REGULAR PEOPLE,
ARE MY TARGET AUDIENCE.
Todd: EXCEPT YOU, BLONDIE.
YOU LOOK
VERY FAMILIAR TO ME.
YOU HIT ON ME ON A--
ON A PLANE ONCE
FROM BOSTON TO NEW YORK.
DID WE SHAG?
NO.
ARE YOU SURE?
BECAUSE I'M FLASHING
ON SOME SORT OF
MILE-HIGH CLUB ACTIVITY.
(LAUGHS)
NO, THAT WASN'T ME.
WELL, GOOD,
'CAUSE THAT'D
BE EMBARRASSING.
Todd: WHERE WAS I?
OH, YES,
THE BIRTH OF CHRIST.
LET ME START WITH
WHAT I AM THANKFUL FOR.
I AM THANKFUL FOR GALE...
FOR INVITING US
INTO HER LOVELY HOME.
AND I AM THANKFUL
TO HER PROGENY DAWSON.
PROGENY.
HER PROGENY DAWSON.
THIS KID HAS BEEN
AN INVALUABLE MEMBER
OF MY PRODUCTION TEAM.
HE'S HELPED ME THROUGH ONE
OF THE ROUGHEST PRODUCTIONS
KNOWN TO GOD AND MAN,
AND I LOVE HIM.
I LOVE HIM
VERY MUCH, DAWSON.
AND THE FUNNY THING IS
HE'S MANAGED
TO GET HIMSELF INVOLVED
IN A SEXUAL RELATIONSHIP
WITH A BEAUTIFUL WOMAN,
WHICH REMINDS ME
OF MY FIRST FILM ACTUALLY,
EXCEPT SHE WAS
WHAT WE CALL UNDERAGE,
SO WE DON'T TALK ABOUT THAT.
TODD?
YES, DAWSON?
WELL, COULD
WE WRAP IT UP?
FORGIVE ME.
FORGIVE ME, GALE.
I, UH, HAVE TO SAY THAT
I'M REALLY IMPRESSED
WITH WHAT YOU'VE DONE
WITH YOUR LIFE, DAWSON.
I MEAN, I'VE KNOWN
THIS KID SINCE
HE WAS RUNNING AROUND
MAKING MOVIES
WITH A VIDEO CAMERA.
IT'S REALLY AMAZING TO
SEE HOW FAR HE'S COME.
THANK YOU, MR. POTTER.
THAT MEANS A LOT.
MAYBE YOU GUYS
HAVE AN OPENING
FOR EDDIE HERE.
YOU'RE
LOOKING FOR WORK,
AREN'T YOU, EDDIE?
Todd: I LIKE EDDIE.
WE NEVER FOUND A REPLACEMENT
FOR PHIL THE P.A., DID WE?
YEAH, WELL,
FILM'S NOT REALLY MY THING,
BUT THANKS FOR THINKING
ABOUT ME, MR. POTTER.
WHAT IS
YOUR THING, EDDIE?
Joey: DAD.
WHAT? I'M CURIOUS.
NO, YOU'RE NOT.
YOU'RE BEING A DICK.
JOEY.
MR. POTTER?
YES, AUDREY?
CAN I ASK YOU
ANOTHER QUESTION
ABOUT PRISON?
SURE, AUDREY.
YEAH.
SO...
WHY IS IT
THAT YOU DON'T THINK
EDDIE'S GOOD ENOUGH
FOR YOUR DAUGHTER?
AUDREY.
BACK OFF.
WHAT IS YOUR PROBLEM,
PRINCESS?
I WAS STICKING UP
FOR JOE DIRT OVER THERE.
THIS ISN'T
GONNA END WELL.
WOULD YOU SHUT UP, PACEY?
YOU'RE OUT OF LINE, AUDREY.
OF COURSE I AM.
ANYONE MESSES WITH
THE ONE THAT GOT AWAY,
AND YOU GET ALL UP
ON YOUR HIGH HORSE,
DON'T YOU?
AUDREY.
OH, EXCELLENT.
ANOTHER PARTY
HEARD FROM.
WHAT'S YOUR PROBLEM,
LINDLEY?
I THINK YOU'RE THE ONE
WITH THE PROBLEM.
OH.
DEVILISHLY CLEVER
OF YOU, JEN.
OH, HONEY,
ARE YOU STILL UPSET
THAT I SHAGGED
YOUR DREAM BOY?
BECAUSE I AM
SORRY ABOUT THAT.
Jen: WHAT ARE YOU
EVEN DOING HERE?
I MISSED MY FLIGHT,
BITCH,
WHICH IS REALLY
TERRIBLY UNFORTUNATE
BECAUSE IF YOU THINK
THAT SPENDING
CHRISTMAS HERE
ON WALTON MOUNTAIN
IS MY IDEA
OF A GOOD TIME,
THEN YOU ALL
ARE ABOUT AS HIGH
AS I AM RIGHT NOW.
AUDREY, WHY DON'T YOU
GO LAY DOWN?
OH, YOU KNOW,
THANKS FOR THAT,
GALE, REALLY,
BUT I THINK
I'M KIND OF JUST
GETTING STARTED HERE.
DO ANY OF YOU
HAVE ANY IDEA
HOW INCREDIBLY
HYPOCRITICAL
THIS WHOLE
LITTLE GATHERING IS?
I MEAN,
I MAY BE FLYING HIGH
ON A PLEASINGLY
POTENT COCKTAIL
OF VODKA
AND PAINKILLERS--
AND THANK YOU,
BY THE WAY, GALE,
FOR THE PAINKILLERS,
BUT I SEEM
TO BE SEEING THINGS
A LITTLE BIT CLEARER
THAN ANY OF YOU.
DAWSON.
PACEY.
YOU GUYS HATE
EACH OTHER, DON'T YOU?
YOU'RE NEVER
GOING TO BE ABLE TO--
TO MEND
THIS LITTLE RIFT
THAT EXISTS
BETWEEN THE TWO OF YOU,
SO WHY DO YOU EVEN
BOTHER WITH THE CHARADE?
AND DAWSON AND JOEY,
(AUDREY LAUGHS)
HERE YOU ARE,
BOTH OF YOU,
ALL GROWN UP
AND SO VERY PLEASED
WITH YOURSELVES,
AND EACH WITH YOUR
LITTLE SIGNIFICANT OTHER
BY YOUR SIDE
RESPECTIVELY,
AND WHILE, YOU KNOW,
I WILL GIVE YOU
THAT IT DOES MAKE
FOR A PRETTY PICTURE,
THE TRUTH
OF THE MATTER IS
YOU GUYS
FINALLY SLEPT TOGETHER,
AND YOU'VE NEVER
REALLY DEALT WITH IT,
AND NEITHER OF YOU
ARE GOING TO BE ABLE
TO HAVE A RELATIONSHIP
WITH ANYONE ELSE
UNTIL YOU JUST FINALLY
DEAL WITH YOUR CRAP
ONCE AND FOR ALL AND--
AS FOR YOU, PACEY,
I AM REALLY SORRY
THAT AUDREY HEPBURN
NEXT TO YOU
BROKE YOUR HEART
ALL THOSE YEARS AGO,
AND IT'S PREVENTED YOU
FROM EVER
FULLY COMMITTING
TO AN ADULT
RELATIONSHIP,
BUT YOU KNOW WHAT?
JUST GROW UP.
MERRY CHRISTMAS,
SCUMSUCKERS.
PEACE OUT.
WELL, THAT WAS FUN.
Todd:
MERRY CHRISTMAS.
(CAR STARTS)
(CAR ACCELERATES)
(DEBRIS CRACKS)
YEAH.
I KINDA THINK
I ZAGGED
WHEN I SHOULD
HAVE ZIGGED.
PACEY,
DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEA
WHAT YOU'RE ASKING ME
TO DO HERE?
YES, I'M ASKING YOU
TO KEEP HER
OUT OF TROUBLE
AND JUST MAKE THIS
GO AWAY.
LISTEN TO ME,
YOUR GIRLFRIEND
IN THERE IS IN TROUBLE.
SHE NEEDS
SOME SERIOUS HELP.
OK, LOOK, SHE'S NOT
MY GIRLFRIEND ANYMORE,
AND RIGHT NOW
SHE HATES ME,
SO SHE'S NOT GOING
TO LISTEN TO ANYTHING
I HAVE TO SAY TO HER.
THIS IS THE ONLY WAY
I CAN HELP HER, DOUG.
DID YOU EVER THINK
THAT IT MIGHT ACTUALLY
BE BETTER FOR HER
IF SHE DOES GET
INTO TROUBLE FOR THIS?
THAT'S RIDICULOUS.
I'M ASKING YOU
FOR A FAVOR HERE,
AND IN MY LIFETIME,
I HAVE NOT ASKED YOU
FOR MUCH,
BUT I'M ASKING
FOR THIS.
DOUG, DO THIS
FOR ME, OK?
MAKE IT GO AWAY.
PLEASE, DOUG.
YOU WILLING TO TAKE
ALL THE BLAME FOR THIS?
YES, ABSOLUTELY.
(LAUGHS)
WHAT? WHAT'S SO FUNNY?
NO, NOTHING. NOTHING.
IT'S JUST THAT, UM--
YOU KNOW,
YOU'VE GIVEN YOURSELF
QUITE THE MAKEOVER,
HAVEN'T YOU, PACE?
YOU KNOW, YOU'VE GROWN
SOME FACIAL HAIR,
YOU GOT YOURSELF
A REAL JOB,
NICE CAR, FANCY CLOTHES,
BUT YOU'RE
STILL THE SAME PACEY.
YOU'RE STILL LOOKING
FOR A QUICK FIX,
AREN'T YOU?
YOU WANT ME TO SWEEP THIS
UNDER THE RUG?
FINE, I'LL DO THAT.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT GOOD
THAT'S GONNA ACCOMPLISH
BECAUSE AUDREY
IS GONNA LIVE
TO DRINK AND DRIVE
ANOTHER DAY.
AND YOU KNOW WHAT?
IT MAY NOT END UP
SO HAPPY NEXT TIME.
OK.
IF ANYBODY ASKS,
YOU DID THIS.
ALL RIGHT?
NEW CAR,
YOU LOST CONTROL,
YOU'RE A MORON,
PEOPLE WILL BELIEVE YOU.
TRUST ME.
THANK YOU.
AND I'LL PAY
FOR WHATEVER ELSE
NEEDS
TAKING CARE OF.
YEAH, SURE,
THROW SOME MONEY AT IT
'CAUSE, YOU KNOW,
THAT FIXES EVERYTHING.
COME ON, DOUG.
WHAT DO YOU WANT FROM ME?
NO, I'M NOT DONE.
YOU KNOW, MAYBE I NEVER
TOLD YOU THIS, PACEY,
AND IF I DIDN'T,
I AM SO SORRY,
BUT LAST YEAR,
WHEN YOU WERE A COOK,
I WAS PROUD OF YOU.
I WAS HAPPY FOR YOU.
I ACTUALLY ADMIRED YOU,
PACEY.
THERE WAS SOMETHING,
I DON'T KNOW,
HONEST ABOUT IT.
ALMOST NOBLE.
GUESS IT DIDN'T
SUIT YOU, DID IT?
(SIGHS)
HOW DO YOU FEEL?
HOW DO I LOOK,
LINDLEY?
LIKE COMPLETE
AND UTTER CRAP.
(SNORTS)
WELL, THAT SUMS IT UP
NICELY, THANK YOU.
DO YOU WANT ME
TO CALL YOUR PARENTS?
NO.
JEN, IF YOU DO THAT,
IF YOU--
I SWEAR I WILL MAKE IT
MY LIFE'S PURPOSE
TO KICK YOUR ASS
ALL THE WAY BACK
TO NEW YORK.
OK.
WHY ARE YOU
SO ANGRY, AUDREY?
OK, DR. MELFI, YOU KNOW,
IS THIS SOME SAD ATTEMPT
TO IMPRESS C.J.?
BECAUSE, YOU KNOW,
LIKE, THE LAST TIME
I CHECKED,
HE'S NOT HERE.
NO, I WAS JUST
TRYING TO HELP YOU.
WELL, DON'T.
OK? JUST...
PRETEND THAT
I AM TOO FAR GONE,
WHICH ISN'T THAT FAR
FROM THE TRUTH ANYWAY.
I JUST--I WANNA
BE LEFT ALONE, JEN.
I'M SO SICK AND TIRED
OF YOU PEOPLE.
YOU ALL SAY
THAT YOU WANT TO HELP,
BUT IT'S ALL JUST...
POSTURING,
BECAUSE NONE OF YOU
REALLY NOTICED
HOW SCREWED UP I WAS
UNTIL TONIGHT.
WITH FRIENDS LIKE YOU,
WHO NEEDS ENEMAS?
HEY.
WHERE ARE YOU GOING?
BACK TO L.A.
MY MANAGER GOT ME
ON THE LAST FLIGHT OUT.
YOU'RE GONNA LEAVE
JUST LIKE THAT?
JUST LIKE THAT.
LISTEN, NATASHA,
I'M SORRY
FOR EVERYTHING.
DON'T BE SORRY.
YOU WERE RIGHT
ABOUT EVERYTHING.
I SLEPT
WITH MAX WINTER.
THAT'S FANTASTIC.
I'M JUST BEING HONEST.
ISN'T THAT WHAT YOU WANTED?
YEAH.
YES.
HONESTLY, I MEAN,
THAT'S GREAT.
THAT'S--
LOOK, DAWSON,
I'M SORRY IF I WAS
RECKLESS WITH YOUR EMOTIONS.
I DIDN'T MEAN TO BE.
I THOUGHT
WE WERE HAVING FUN.
I DON'T--
I DON'T LOVE YOU.
I NEVER DID.
IT WAS FUN.
SLEEPING WITH YOU
MADE ME FEEL
SEXY AND BEAUTIFUL,
AND, TO BE HONEST,
I NEVER THOUGHT
IT WOULD LAST
MUCH PAST WRAP.
YEAH.
WELL...
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I DON'T LOVE YOU
EITHER.
OF COURSE
YOU DON'T, SILLY.
LISTEN, YOU'RE NOT
BUILT FOR THIS KIND
OF RELATIONSHIP.
IT'S KIND OF
WHAT I DIG ABOUT YOU.
I AM TOO YOUNG
AND TOO SELF-ABSORBED
TO BE ENTANGLED
IN SOMETHING SO SERIOUS,
AND IF I'M TOO YOUNG,
YOU'RE WAY TOO YOUNG.
YOU KNOW,
YOU'RE GONNA MAKE
SOME GIRL'S DREAMS
COME TRUE SOMEDAY,
IN A BIG WAY,
WHICH IS WHY
I HAVE TO STOP THIS NOW
BEFORE I BREAK YOUR HEART
AND TURN YOU
INTO A BITTER CYNIC.
DON'T FLATTER
YOURSELF.
(WHISPERING) Yeah.
MERRY CHRISTMAS, DAWSON.
OH.
TODD'S PASSED OUT
IN THE BATHROOM.
I'M PRETTY SURE
HE'S STILL BREATHING,
BUT YOU MIGHT WANT
TO HOLD A MIRROR
UP TO HIS BREATH
JUST TO BE SURE.
THANKS.
(WHISPERING) Bye.
SO IS THIS WHAT
ALL YOUR CHRISTMASES
ARE LIKE, JOEY POTTER?
UM, YOU KNOW,
NOT SO MUCH.
USUALLY
WE SMOKE CRACK
AND WORSHIP SATAN.
THIS WAS PRETTY TAME
BY COMPARISON.
UH, LOOK.
WHAT?
I DON'T THINK YOU SHOULD
COME BACK WITH ME, JOEY.
WHY?
BECAUSE YOU
HAVE PLENTY OF STUFF
TO DEAL WITH
RIGHT HERE.
WHY DO I SENSE
SOME SUBTEXT HERE?
YOU KNOW, YOUR FATHER
WAS KIND OF A JERK TONIGHT.
YOU KNOW, BUT--
HE WASN'T ALTOGETHER
WRONG ABOUT ME.
YOU KNOW, I'M NOT
THE MOST TOGETHER GUY
ON THE PLANET, JOEY.
WHO ASKED YOU TO BE?
WHO EVEN KNOWS
WHAT THAT MEANS?
IT MEANS THAT I SHOULD
HAVE TRUSTED MY GUT.
I SHOULDN'T BE HERE.
WHY?
BECAUSE IT WAS--
IT WAS ALL TOO MUCH
TOO SOON.
I SHOULDN'T BE
DEALING WITH A FATHER
WHO THINKS I'M A LOSER.
I SHOULDN'T BE DEALING
WITH ALL OF THE GHOSTS
OF RELATIONSHIPS PAST.
IT'S TOO MUCH.
YOU KNOW, I--I--
WE NEED TO BE
IN THE HERE AND NOW.
OK.
WELL, THEN,
THAT'S WHAT WE'LL DO.
FROM NOW ON,
WE'LL BE IN THE HERE
AND NOW, I PROMISE.
OK?
YOU KNOW, THE SAME THING
WOULD HAVE HAPPENED
IF YOU WERE AT MY HOUSE,
YOU KNOW.
I MEAN,
YOU'D MEET MY FAMILY,
AND THEY'D
BE VERY IMPRESSED,
BUT ALSO VERY SUSPICIOUS
BECAUSE YOU ARE
SO DAMN BEAUTIFUL,
AND THEY'D WONDER,
"WHAT THE HELL IS
SHE DOING WITH EDDIE?"
AND AFTER,
WHEN YOU WERE GONE...
THEY'D PULL ME ASIDE
AND THEY'D SAY,
"WHAT THE HELL
ARE YOU DOING, KID?
THAT GIRL'S GONNA
BREAK YOUR HEART."
EDDIE, I HAVE
NO INTENTION
OF BREAKING
YOUR HEART.
YEAH.
NO ONE EVER DOES.
MERRY CHRISTMAS, JOEY.
DIDN'T I
SLEEP WITH YOU ONCE
AND NEVER
TALK TO YOU AGAIN?
YOU KNOW, I THOUGHT
THAT WAS YOU.
SORRY ABOUT THAT.
DON'T WORRY ABOUT IT.
HAPPENS TO ME
ALL THE TIME.
SO...
SOME NIGHT, HUH?
YEAH.
KINDA PUTS THINGS
INTO PERSPECTIVE.
HOW DO YOU MEAN?
WELL, YOU KNOW,
IF AUDREY HAD MANAGED
TO TAKE US ALL OUT
IN A BLAZE
OF GLORY TONIGHT,
I'D HATE TO THINK THAT
THE LAST MEANINGFUL
CONVERSATION
YOU AND I HAD
WAS THAT ONE
IN YOUR DORM ROOM.
MMM.
YEAH.
SHE WAS RIGHT
ABOUT ONE THING,
THOUGH, YOU KNOW.
WHAT?
WE NEVER REALLY DEALT
WITH WHAT HAPPENED.
I DON'T KNOW ABOUT YOU,
BUT I KINDA PUT IT
ALL INTO A LITTLE BOX
AND PUSHED IT
FAR, FAR AWAY.
I SPEND A LOT OF TIME
TRYING TO FIGURE OUT
HOW IT ALL WENT SO WRONG.
I SPEND A LOT OF TIME
TRYING TO FORGET
WE EVER MEANT ANYTHING
TO EACH OTHER.
FAIR ENOUGH.
I DESERVE THAT, I GUESS.
NO, YOU DON'T,
AND THE THING IS,
DAWSON,
IT NEVER WORKS.
A NIGHT LIKE THIS,
IT DOES PUT THINGS
INTO PERSPECTIVE.
SEE...
I THINK SOMETIMES
IT'S EASY FOR ME
TO KIND OF HATE YOU
BECAUSE I KNOW THAT
YOU'RE OUT THERE,
AND IF ANYTHING
EVER HAPPENED TO ME
OR IF I EVER
REALLY NEEDED YOU,
YOU'D BE THERE
FOR ME.
IT'S TRUE.
DAWSON, IF THAT'S TRUE,
THEN HOW COME
WE ONLY EVER END UP
HURTING EACH OTHER?
WELL, WE'RE NOT HURTING
EACH OTHER RIGHT NOW.
WELL...
RIGHT NOW IS
AN ILLUSION, THOUGH.
RIGHT NOW
IT'S A TRUCE.
BUT RIGHT NOW,
I JUST WANT
TO STAND HERE
AND TALK
TO THE ONE PERSON
WHO CAN MAYBE
HELP ME FIGURE OUT
HOW EVERYTHING
GOT THIS WAY.
WE CAN GO BACK
TO HATING EACH OTHER
IN THE MORNING.
SOUNDS LIKE A PLAN.
I DON'T REALLY HATE YOU,
YOU KNOW.
I DON'T REALLY
HATE YOU EITHER.